chore(docs): Update README and remove old files (#1643)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: docs/README.md

## New Docs Location on Terraform.io

Content previously housed in this directory has been deprecated. Please visit the [CDKTK docs on Terraform.io](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cdktf/index.html) for complete and up-to-date documentation.

> Getting started tutorials can be found on [HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/cdktf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try the [hands-on tutorials on HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/cdktf) to install CDK for Terraform, set up your first project, and learn to build infrastructure.
```

> Try the [hands-on tutorials on HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/cdktf) to install CDK for Terraform, set up your first project, and learn to build infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
Try the [hands-on tutorials on HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/terraform/cdktf) to install CDK for Terraform, set up your first project, and learn to build infrastructure as code configurations in TypeScript, Python, C#, Java, or Go.
```
